---
layout: post
title:  "Sheffield University Officer Elections 2016 (Education Officer)"
date:   2016-03-01 22:26:00 +0000
categories: ['Education Officer', '2016']
---

Another day, another mockery! This time, Education!

Fun fact! This year, the slogans are infinitely harder to find, since they aren't included on the SU website anymore, meaning I have to find their Facebook page. The fact I am unreasonably angry about this is a serious problem.

Education doesn't tend to have the same thing mentioned year after year, so no bonus points on offer today.

<dl>
<dt>Post</dt>
<dd>Education</dd>
<dt>Areas of remit</dt>
<dd>Academic Reps | Learning | University Collaboration</dd>
<dt>Description</dt>
<dd><ul><li>
Representing student opinions on learning and teaching to the University
</li>
<li>Collaborating with academic representatives in departments</li>
<li>Supporting student campaigns on educational issues</li></ul></dd>
</dl>

## Alice (Ali) Day ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Don't dally, Vote Ali</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>8/10. Internal rhymes are the best rhymes</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Education is such a valuable part of our lives (*If I were still in education I don't know if I'd be allowed to do this and that would upset people*). I want you (*Lord Kitchener called. He wants his slogan back*) to have the opportunity to influence your own learning process (*I influence it very well by not doing it*). I recently had a submission of evidence published by the Parliamentary Select Committee investigating the government's plans for higher education (*What?*). I argued against financially incentivising quality and in favour of students having a say in what happens to their education (*But students are idiots! I know this because I USED TO BE A STUDENT*). I want to lobby on your behalf (*Oh, so we don't really get a say eh?*) to get students (UG and PG) (*Oi! Leave the brackets!*) to genuinely be at the heart of the system (*Is...that a good idea? The heart of the system is probably bureaucracy...*), with no barriers to education, so you get all that you can out of university.

#### Manifesto: (*You don't need that, I've done it for you*) ####

#### Have your say! ####

Campaign for free education (*I have a feeling you'll be ignored*)

Campaign against the Higher Education Green Paper which would raise the fee cap and treat students like consumers (*Erm*)

Negotiate the use of group work in final year and on different courses (*For or against? Group work isn't inherently evil you know. Or inherently good*).

#### Don’t lose your way! (*I'm already lost in this manifesto...*) ####

Regular personal tutoring for every student (*I'm sure the lecturers are going to love this*)

Constructive feedback Tutors must comment on various categories when assessing work (*Oh they definitely will love this. You know that not everything can be assessed that way?*)

Study spaces in university accommodation with printers (*Is the printer bit the problem, because whats the problem with just using your room? And where the hell would you put them!?*)

Free black and white printing (*Meanwhile, in San "This will totally be abused" Francisco*) across campus 

Accessible study skills support for international students (*Good idea*), online and face-to-face using my experience as an intern at the 301 Student Skills and Development Centre (*Wait, you're going to run these? Are you going to have time!?*)

#### A brighter day! (*A lovely dayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy*) ####

‘How to survive on your course’ sessions for first years run by third years (*Who the hell would want to do that*), giving first-hand (*Or...third hand?*) advice about how to approach coursework, study style and assessment (*I would just make sarcastic comments. But then again, I'm doing this right now*) 

Career development in every year (*Who thinks about their career in first year!?*)

Promote political education so you understand how political decisions affect you (*Not a bad idea. As long as satire is a critical part*)

Score: 4/10. I look forward to lecturers ignoring you.

## Alex Richardson ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Enrich your education with Richardson</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>4/10. Half rhymes aren't real rhymes people. Stop it.</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

#### If elected, my aims would be:(*What the hell? Why can't people introduce themselves anymore!?*) ####

Make the compulsory recording of lectures across the entire university a university policy (*I actually like this, but that's because I like not leaving the house*). This would make lectures more accessible for all students as well as becoming a valuable revision material come exam periods (*Also true. You're off to a good start*).

The way feedback is received from assignments, essays and exams needs improving (*Exams aren't meant for feedback...*). In many courses first year doesn’t count towards the overall degree classification, and should be used as an opportunity to learn the skills needed to succeed come later years (*Or, you could just not bother. Works for most peeps*).

Greater clarity and justification of borderline grades would be useful tools to help students understand their grades and improve. (*Another good idea! You're on a roll!*)

There should be a postgraduate and mature student study space (*Oh for Pete's sake, what is this obsession with giving these groups extra consideration? Are there really massive issues they face?*). The university libraries fill up quickly (*Good thing they built another*), so the creation of a new study space would enable them to just work (*So could everyone!*) rather than fighting for desks and rooms (*I like the idea of there being actual fights for desk space*).

The fact that university services are closed on weekends means students taking Saturday exams are disadvantaged (*What!? Really? How are they disadvantaged?*). I would discuss with the University whether Saturday exams could be stopped (*AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*), or services extended in exam season. 

Lastly, as a dyslexic student my education has benefited greatly from a DSA grant and services (*Must. Avoid. Obvious. Joke*). Under upcoming Government proposals, it will be harder for disabled students and those from less privileged backgrounds to access higher education. I would work hard to constructively oppose and ameliorate (*Oooh, fancy word. I literally had to look it up. It means "Make better"*) these cuts locally and nationally.

As a final year student, SU Councillor and Collections Coordinator for RAG, I’ve loved my university experience here (*And it's loved you*). I’d love to spend a year improving it for other students (*Awwww*).

Score: 7/10. A good set of policies here, though you lost a point for the Saturday exam bit. I'm still laughing.

#### Imogen Sprackling ####

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>To watch education grow: Vote Imo!</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>4/10. Half rhymes aren't real rhymes people. Stop it.</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Education matters (*You know, I'm giving you an extra point for just introducing yourself*) and that’s why I want to be your Education Officer to ensure all students get the best educational experience possible! I will work hard (*I was worried you'd slack off*) to enhance your academic life here in Sheffield, improve student representation so your views are heard and campaign on national educational issues that matter to you.

 
#### Enhancing Student Experience – I want to… (*break free?*) ####

Improve the quality and consistency of feedback (*I'm 90% sure that the lecturers will ignore you*)

Put more core texts (*Surely that's already in their remit? And how do you decide which core texts need to be bought? I'll bet you'll just worry about your course. I SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU*) in the library and increase the number of online learning resources (*What if there aren't any easily available...*)

Increase the number and accessibility of learning spaces around campus, especially during exam time (*You're aware the union basically becomes a revision zone, right?*)

Encourage more cross-departmental engagement and collaboration (*Oooh! Philosophy students as pendulums!*)

Make postgraduate, part-time and mature students feel included in Student Union activities (*I'm 80% sure they don't feel included when you constantly SINGLE THEM OUT*)

Provide a wellbeing (*Aren't they a toiletries brand?*) support stall in the libraries and the Diamond around exam time 
 
#### Improving Student Representation – I want to… (*BREAK FREE*) ####

Make Academic Reps more visible (*What, paint them in neon?*) and accessible and raise their profile among students

Make sure Academic Reps are equipped to represent students in all years of study (*Are they not now? How?*)

Ensure the views of the Postgraduate Students Committee and Academic Reps are shared with the university and acted upon (*I thought that was already a big thing...*)
 
#### Strong National Voice – I want to… (*break free from your lies, you're so self satisfied I don't need you*) ####

Campaign against rises in tuition fees and the loss of maintenance grants (*I'm sure that'll end well*)

Keep supporting the 'No Barriers to Education' campaign (*I've never heard of this*)

I want to look closely at Higher Education Policy and at any changes the government are suggesting (*Oh good. Going to give them feedback, or just look closely at it?*)

Work with the Student Advice Centre to ensure students are supported and understand any changes the government make to Higher Education (*But you're a student officer. It'll probably boil down to "OMG TORIES ARE EVIL"*)

#### To Watch Education Grow: Vote Imo! (*Hey! That's the name of the show!* ####

Score: 5/10. I feel barely anything.

## Jamie Billington ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Live to learn, love to learn</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>0/10. You know what that is? Not a pun</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

#### Love Learning with Jamie ####

#### Live to Learn (*You don't need that many titles so close together*) ####

Here I tackle all of the long term and financial problems: (*I'll be the judge of that*)

Campaign against the rising costs of higher education (*That sounds fun*)

Oppose the replacement of grants with loans (*Well, at least you'll be opposing it*)

Fight to remove all hidden costs (*Well, you aren't going to get them all. They'll probably hide deeper underground*)

Free necessary printing for your degree (*What constitutes necessary printing!?*)

Removing continuation fees for postgraduate students (*What? That's a thing? That's bollocks*)

Costs of essential textbooks and equipment (*What about them?*)

Free hot water facilities (*...*)

#### Continuation plans ####

More support for students advancing to postgraduate degrees here (*What's the problem at the moment?*)

More support for students making a future unrelated to their specific degree (*...*)

#### Love to Learn ####

Here I tackle all of the more short term and personal issues, developing a more harmonious environment for everyone (*Again, I'll be the judge*)

#### Peer support groups ####

I will create effective and useful peer support groups (*Ahahahahahahahahahaha*) of both academic and personal natures. Helping with everything from exam revision to settling in to university as a fresher.

#### Increased personal tutor involvement ####

More contact hours with your personal tutor allowing them to actually help you with your degree, with the option of additional study problems to track expected progress (*Ain't nobody got time for dat*)

Encourage alternative learning styles for students who struggle with traditional methods (*A good idea actually...*)

#### Increased DDSS support for all departments ####

From the very first day at university the Disability and Dyslexia Support Service (*How are they meant to track everyone!?*) should be present and there for all students so no struggles go unnoticed

Ensure disabled students’ needs are met in accordance with DDSS and DSC’s pre-existing policies (*How does this not happen already!?*)

#### Feedback and communication forums ####

Increased communication between staff and students as well as continuous free feedback in both directions (*I think that already can happen. It's just that nobody does it*)

Love Learning with Jamie!

## Josh Berlyn ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Make education shine, with Josh Berlyne</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>7/10. Oooh, that's a good'un</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

#### Make Education Shine With Berlyne! (*Hey! That's the name of the show!*) ####

Access to university currently comes at a high price (*At least you don't pay for it for ages*). With my experience in local and national education campaigns (*Which ones?*), I want to change this by bringing all students together to campaign on the issues that really affect us (*What if we're armchair apathists, who spend their evenings mocking student officer election manifestos?*).

#### Overcoming barriers to education ####

Improve the way departments deal with mental health issues (*Always a good idea*) for all students, including fairer policies for extensions and a healthier research culture (*Good idea*).

Put Sheffield students at the forefront of the national campaign against cuts to maintenance grants, Disabled Students’ Allowance and the Postgraduate Support Scheme (*But I'm busy in my armchair!*).

Ensure the University doesn’t use the government’s ‘counter-terrorism’ “Prevent” agenda to unduly target Muslim students (*Oooh, another good idea. Shame they could quite easily ignore you...*).

Campaign for the post-study work visa to be re-instated for international students (*I'm sorry, but I think you'll be ignored...*).
 
#### Getting you involved and organised in your education (*Organised!? That sounds terrible!*) ####

A Students’ Inquiry (*Oh god, not another one*) at all levels to find out the issues that really impact you. This is more than just a survey (*It sounds like a survey*): I will use it to connect students affected by the same issues, bringing them into existing campaigns (*What, like a dating app?*) or helping set up new ones.

“Policy forum” meetings and monthly email updates, keeping you up-to-date on changes to higher education (*That's a really good idea actually. I'm convinced most officers do something but we never see it*).

#### Enhancing academic life for all (*Even those who mock student officer manifestos?*) ####

Postgraduate teachers are overworked, poorly paid and have little office space . This means little time to prepare for seminars and not enough time to give detailed feedback. I want to:

Work closely with postgraduate representative groups and the UCU (the academic staff union) (*Leave the brackets. They're mine*) to improve working conditions.

Expand and connect postgraduate representative groups to campaign for better supervision and development programmes.

Score: 8/10. Quite sensible actually
