---
layout: post
title:  "Sheffield University Officer Elections 2016 (Welfare Officer)"
date:   2016-03-09 09:48:33 +0000
categories: ['Welfare Officer', '2016']
---

Welfare time. You know what that means! It's **Landlord Bingo**!

 * 1 point for saying Landlords are terrible
 * 2 points for landlord database
 * 1 point for saying that Uni Accommodation is terrible

## Anna Mullaney ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Be brainy. Vote Mullaney</dd>
<dt>Score</dt>
<dd>8/10. I'm sitting here smiling. That's a good sign.</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

One of the best experiences I’ve had at university has been being President of Mental Health Matters Society. I’ve challenged the stigma of mental health, worked with services in and outside of the university and talked to many students about their experiences. My passion for student well-being has been a huge part of my time at university, through my two years with MHM, as Treasurer for Women’s Committee and through personal experiences of difficulties. Vote for me so I can continue to work for you :)

#### Mental Health and Well-Being ####

Work with academic departments to develop a stronger, more consistent policy on extenuating circumstances and extensions that is less subjective and treats mental and physical health issues equally (*The fact it's taken me until now to butt in is a good sign for you*)

A weekly well-being café where students can meet new people and be signposted (*What, as in they get attached to signposts*) to any relevant services 

Self-care workshops in the SU to encourage students to prioritise their well-being and promote the importance of looking after yourself

Work with the University Counselling Service and Disability & Dyslexia Support Service for more funding and shorter waiting times

#### Housing and Financial Support (*Ooooooooooh...*) ####

Work closely with propertywithUS and other groups to encourage students to find houses later in the year (*Because what everyone needs is rushing around in July to find accommodation*)

Further expansion of the Student Housing Co-operative to reduce the need for private landlords (*DING*)

Organise free, interesting ways to meet people to live with (*Erm...*)

#### Safety on Nights Out ####

Walking groups led by volunteers after nights out to student areas (*That will lead those volunteers to hate the world after 5 weeks*)

A support space in the SU to help students facing difficulties on nights out (*Most people have difficulties after seeing my dancing. They're unsure how someone can be so damn sexy*)

Score: 6/10. Pretty good.

## Cassie McIernon ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Cas-see you in the Welfare Office</dd>
<dt>Score</dt>
<dd>5/10. I'm really torn on this. It's a great pun, but something bugs me about it...</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Hi (*Hi!*), I’m Cassie, a student in the department of politics! I’ve been here for 4 years (*I'll assume by choice*), and worked in the SU entertainments and marketing departments for 3 (*That can't be by choice*). I enjoy getting involved with technical theatre through SUPAS and SUTCO, and going to SU events, like their award winning nights out!

#### If elected I will: ####

Work with the University to standardise the role of personal tutors across departments. There is too much variation in what students get from their personal tutors; I want to define their role so students know exactly what they can expect, including pastoral support! (*A nice noble goal*)

Continue with the work the SU currently does on raising awareness for mental health problems, but increase awareness of support available, as well as improving it (*That'd be nice*). 

Introduce coffee drop ins with the welfare officer (*What if they're tea drinkers?*)! I want to ensure that for a few hours each week, the welfare officer is available to come talk to directly, potentially with members of relevant societies (like Mental Health Matters) (*Oi! Brackets are mine!*). These could be used to bring problems to the SU’s attention, help advise on who to contact, or just to chat about the work the welfare officer is doing! (*Why so exclaimy?*)

Create focus groups (*Oh god*) to discuss the best way to tackle the problem of early signing of houses, and designing a landlord rating system (*DING DING DING*). This issue has come up in many candidate manifestos without being solved (*Probably because it's a silly idea*), which is why I think asking students for their ideas would be the best way forward (*I look forward to this one not working either*)!

Score: 4/10. Getting a sorbet feeling from you. Don't really feel anything.

## Chenhao Wu ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Vote CHENHAO to support you NOW!</dd>
<dt>Score</dt>
<dd>5/10. Nice little internal rhyme there</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

#### I’m Chenhao, and I will support you now! (*Hey! That's the name of the show!*) ####

I’m Chenhao and I’m studying for a PhD in Computer Science (*You already have my sympathy*)!

I am well practiced in supporting students with daily life issues due to my roles as an Endcliffe Residence Mentor & a PGR Rep in the Engineering department. I’m also a course instructor and demonstrator for university modules & charity workshops, including Code First: Girl, which encourages female students to enter computing/technology.

I am campaigning for Welfare Officer because my life experiences from undergraduate to PhD student have helped me intimately understand the different stages of student life & I want to be able to give others the support that I wish I had when I experienced issues during my time as a student.

#### I will help with: ####

New students getting to know university; (*You can tell you're a Computer scientist with these semi-colons*)

Housing issues (*DING*);

Student loan concerns;

Part-time jobs & careers;

Educational support;

Personal safety;

Physical & mental health;

Finding long-term friends & soul-mates (*No offence, but I don't want you to help me find a soul-mate...*) through daily life events & activities.

No problem’s too small & I’d like to give my help no matter what, to prevent larger problems happening.

#### IF ELECTED I WILL: ####

Raise awareness of university welfare services available to all types of students, including PhDs, part-time, international & students with family in Sheffield.

Develop a website to track the problem solving stages of student complaints, welfare or accommodation issues (*DING*).

Create and distribute a Welfare Newsletter (*Considering how nobody knows what the officers do, this is actually a good idea*), to encourage engagement and promote available services, as well as to give transparency to what I will do to support you.

Score: 6/10. Not that bad.

## Emily Simmons ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Be empowered with Emily</dd>
<dt>Score</dt>
<dd>0/10. No pun, no points.</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

#### Be Empowered with Emily (*Hey! That's the name of the show!*) ####

For many, university life isn’t always what you expect. Students can struggle with mental wellbeing, money and many other issues. From personal experience, I understand where student welfare is neglected, and I’m driven to make changes to improve future students’ experience.

I’m Emily, a third year biologist. I’ve been Welfare and Training Officer at the University’s scuba-diving club for several years, served on my departmental student-staff committee and even worked as a cleaner at Endcliffe. My priorities are:

#### MENTAL HEALTH ####

Reduce the stigma surrounding male mental health issues (*Good idea*), and create a more accessible support system for all. (*Another good idea*)

Continue to raise awareness of common difficulties among students including anxiety, depression and insomnia.

Develop stronger connections between departments and union support services and assist academic staff to better recognise issues and help students. (*Another good idea*)

Lobby for more funding for core services like the University Counselling Service and Nightline, to tackle high demand and waiting times. (*Please start having terrible ideas*)

Create a support network for students returning from time out of university, preventing isolation.

Extend welfare support to include recent graduates. (*I CAN'T MOCK YOU IF YOU'RE SENSIBLE DAMMIT*)

#### HOUSING ####

Introduce an awareness week giving information on healthy living conditions, bills and energy efficiency and promoting existing housing services to students.

Provide better guidance for students looking for cheaper private accommodation. (*Cheap accommodation isn't always good you know...*)

#### FINANCE ####

Continue campaigning against the end of student grants, and cuts to Disabled Students’ Allowance (*I look forward to that not working*).

Improve support for student workers, including those working for the university, and educate on employment rights so they can challenge unfair employers.

Better financial support to increase participation in societies (*Hang on, you're not an Activities candidate...*).

Score: 8/10. I struggled to mock this, so take that as you will.

## Talitha Carney ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>For welfare: trust Talitha</dd>
<dt>Score</dt>
<dd>3/10. Is there a missing pun there? I'm not sure...</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

#### About me: ####

I am a final year biomedical science student who was diagnosed with a chronic health condition in my first year and it completely changed my university experience. Because of this I know the University Health Service, Counselling Service and Disability & Dyslexia Service very well. I also come from a low income background, so know how hard it can be to manage money at university.

I know from experience that having a mental health problem, injury, disability or being from a low income background can be incredibly difficult at university. With your vote I’d like to improve these services, for you and future students.

#### My aims if elected are: ####

#### Mental health ####

Liaise with the university to expand the counselling service

Increase the amount of quiet rooms and mindfulness classes

Monitor departments for the number of students seeking mental health support (*Is that to admonish them? Because that's not really how stats work...*)

#### Disabilities ####

Workshops and advice on dealing with disabilities after university (*Good idea*)

Create a week dedicated to raising awareness for invisible illnesses (*Another good idea, though I think people will ignore you*)

#### Low income backgrounds ####

Create a rough university cost guide, in order to help people manage money better (*Or just teach people how to budget*)

Lobby the university to increase the participation grants available (*I don't think there's the money...*)

#### Landlords (*DING*) ####

Awards for the best letting agent and landlords of the year (*DING*)

Events where second and third years can share their advice for private accommodation (*What helpful advice can they give!?*)

#### Healthy living and wellbeing ####

University healthy living cookbook competition (*I...don't know*)

More orthopedic equipment and sessions to help prevent injury/pain whilst writing and typing (*You're not the one doing these manifestos*)

Score: 4/10. Alright, but not much else
