---
layout: post
title:  "Sheffield University Officer Elections 2015 (Womens Officer)"
date:   2016-02-29 22:22:33 +0000
categories: ['Womens Officer', '2015']
---

This is the one that was slightly controversial. In the original posts on Facebook, I went into detail about this. You can read these on the about page. Hopefully that covers things enough.

## Sharmin Jahan ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Shout for Sharmin</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>3/10. All alliteration aside, you lost a point because of the lack of exclaimation mark</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Hi I’m Sharmin!

I am a final year student and the current Women’s councillor, I’m also on Women’s committee.

Personally, I have faced sexism and racism. I understand the importance of intersectionality so if; elected I want to make some changes, create a more inclusive, accessible, democratic and intersectional union:

1. Intersectional (*Intersectional is starting to not be a word...*) forums, for women from all backgrounds to get together and discuss issues that are important to them.

2. Workshops covering topics such as Domestic Violence, Mental Health, Human Trafficking, FGM, Sex Workers and more. (*I'm hoping there isn't a workshop on performing FGM...*)

3. Launch a strong and innovative campaign on campuses across Sheffield to raise awareness on consent. (*Very sensible idea*)

4. Continuously campaign against sexism, LGBTphobia, ableism, racism and Islamophobia. (*Awesome*)

5. ‘No More, Everyday Ignorance Box’ people can post ignorant comments made towards them, then they will be posted on union walls to raise awareness. (*I have a feeling that idiots will make it their mission to be on that board...*)

6. Commitment to bring back Feminist Fridays (open to all genders) (*HEY! The brackets are mine!*)

My relevant experiences include:

 * Active involvement with other liberation and representative committees (BME and ISC).

 * As a local person from Sheffield I have been involved within the local community working in women’s refuges and raising awareness on disabled and LGBT issues within the BME community.

 * Visited/helped women’s refuges abroad.

 * Attended NUS Women’s and Black Students’ events.

 * Was a Sheffield mentor, included me advising and helping fresher’s.

 * Current Ambassador for my department and university.


Score: 9/10.


There is no reason to not vote for Sharmin. Put away any petty bollocks ideas you have about the Women's Officer. This is the best manifesto I've read.
