---
layout: post
title:  "Sheffield University Officer Elections 2016 (Development Officer)"
date:   2016-03-03 08:55:00 +0000
categories: ['Development Officer', '2016']
---

Development officer time! Today's special bonus round is "Food Waste"!

<dl>
<dt>Post</dt>
<dd>Development</dd>
<dt>Areas of remit</dt>
<dd>Business | Finance | Innovation</dd>
<dt>Description</dt>
<dd><ul><li>Campaigning to make the University and our Students' Union more sustainable</li>
<li>Ensuring the Students' Union is technologically developing based on students' needs</li>
<li>Feeding students' demands into the financial governance of the Students' Union, for example by redesigning the way committees' budgets are set</li></ul></dd>
</dl>

## Michael Kind ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>1 of A Kind</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>4/10: A bit unimaginative, though at least you tried</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

I’ve been lucky enough to be involved with a lot of what our Student’s Union has to offer. I’ve been a part of People and Planet’s successful fossil fuel divestment campaign (*Dammit, I should've given a point for this one*), and helped to start and run the Save Our Sandwiches (*FOR TOO LONG HAVE THEY BEEN SHACKLED IN OUR SHOPS*) initiative - saving 10,000 items of food from waste in one year alone!

Here’s what I want to achieve:

#### Sustainability ####

Eliminate food waste from SU shops and events, ensuring that any unsold/uneaten food is redistributed to the those in need. (*I'm fairly certain that's already a thing*)

Conduct a review of Student Union produce to ensure that food miles and carbon impact are kept to a minimum. (*... What?*)

Continue to support the Fossil Free campaign (*Secondary ding!*), challenging the power that the fossil fuel companies (*Do they really have that much power?*) have in our University.

Install ‘food saving’ fridges across campus, providing students with a place to share leftover/unused food (*Oh god, that's so going to go wrong. I look forward to Health and Safety getting their hands on that*), preventing waste and saving money for everybody (*Except for the person buying all that extra food*).

#### Worker’s Rights ####

Work to ensure that all University and Union staff members receive a living wage (*Good aims, though I think you'll be ignored*).

Promote healthy work culture in the SU by ensuring longer breaks for staff (*How long do they currently get?*).

Support the Sweatshop Free campaign, by convincing the University to purchase electronics equipment from ethical suppliers (*Actually, it's about ethics in electronics*).

#### Amplifying Student Voices (*I CAN'T HEAR YOU!*) ####

Work to ensure that societies and student initiatives can easily access the extra funding that is available to them, by providing clear information and guidance (*Noble aims*).

Organise a series of workshops on current issues (*Who decides what's current?*), so that students are empowered to hold our University accountable for its actions.

Hold a forum (*Those sound heavy*) where students can voice concerns directly to University management.

Score: 5/10. I don't even think I dislike you...

## Ashwin Chithraveni Ashok ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Your vision, my mission!</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>0/10: THAT'S NOT A PUN ON YOUR NAME STOP IT</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Why me? (*You're not the one reading these manifestos*)

To make a change that brings out the best in students and in student’s union. (*I'll be the judge of that*)
 
#### As your SU Development Officer, I would: ####

Implement Student’s Union Scholarships for the students who are actively involved in the activities of SU (*Who's going to pay for that!?*).

Free printing in student’s union. (*AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*)

Night out and GIAG Rewards Card: Students will be given points for the purchases that they make through the box office or website and these points can be redeemed for the purchases made in SU. (*...*)

Better options in International/Vegan/Vegetarian food menus will be easily available in the outlets in SU. (*I can't understand this sentence. I'm assuming you're saying increase the Vegan/Vegetarian*)

A customized mini supermarket in SU where students can suggest their own items and it will be made available to purchase for a reasonable price at the earliest (*Who defines reasonable? What if I want Nestle products? What if I want bottled water!?*).

“Developy” boxes around SU for students to directly address their issues and concerns to the officer (*So... feedback forms?*). Also there would be weekly drop in sessions (*Which nobody will go to...*) for students and society members to discuss about the matters that concern the students and the students union.

Enhanced support on student-led projects on sustainability and enterprise (*Just using the word enterprise means absolutely nothing!*).

Reducing the usage of paper leaflets (*Please tell me that you printed this out on your leaflets*) by making use of more digital display boards and also ensuring (*HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*) and encouraging the recycled products in SU.

Students Union Festival- A week of fun packed events in SU in collaboration with the Activities Officer!!! (*Multiple exclaimation marks are the sure sound of a disturbed mind*)

#### YOUR VISION,MY MISSION! VOTE ASHWIN! (*Hey! That's the name of the show!*) ####

Score: 3/10. There's so much that sounds like a good idea on paper, but is probably terrible
