---
layout: post
title:  "Sheffield University Officer Elections 2015 (Welfare Officer)"
date:   2016-02-29 22:22:33 +0000
categories: ['Welfare Officer', '2015']
---

We're going to be playing "Landlord" bingo as well for this one, since that's a running theme every year. Bonus mockery if they mention "Landlord Database".

## David Dike ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Like The Dike</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>4/10. It's a bit...bleurgh.</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Mental Health (*You got right to it...*)

 * To work with the Accommodation and Commercial Services and university faculties to train residential mentors and personal tutors on mental health issues (*sensible*), whilst introducing procedures to spot mental health issues early on (*Will they stop with the meningitis - and yes, I did google the spelling - thing? Is that still going?*)

Safety

 * To introduce drug purity testing equipment (*Wait, what?*) at Students’ Union nights in order to prevent death and adverse effects associated with adulterants (*Wait, what?*) that have recently been experienced throughout the UK (*Are you saying that we should start testing the purity of the drugs people are illegally taking?*)
 * To introduce an Alcohol/Drug Information Facility, which will display harm reduction information (*I mean, a lot of the harm is reduced by not using them*). Along with this, harm reduction information will be displayed on the reverse of SU night event tickets (replacing the terms and conditions section) (*1. Get the hell out of my brackets. 2. You know that the terms and conditions are probably a legal requirement - right?*)

Housing (*Oooh, here it comes...*)

 * To set up a Student Tenants’ Union (*What?*) which will inform tenants of their rights, advise them on housing issues, and resolve conflicts between landlords (*DING*) and tenants (*How? The landlords are well within their rights to ignore you if they so wish*)
 * To support the creation of a landlord (*DING*) league table that will be compiled at the end of each academic year (*Close enough to Landlord Database*). This will encourage landlords to think more about their tenants (*Will it?*), not just in terms of low rent (*Hah*), but also with regards to maintenance etc. (*Why would they even care?*)

Finances

 * To support a living wage for all Students’ Union staff. (*Are you planning on actively lobbying that?, or just supporting the idea of it?*)
 * To lobby the government (*AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*) to adapt the Student Finance system (*AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*) so that it accurately represents the costs that students face

Landlord Bingo Score: 2 + 2 for mentioning Landlord Database.


Score: 4/10. I really don't understand your safety section.


## Alexander (Alex) Lumsden ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Go with the 'fro!</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>0/10. REPEATING IS AGAINST THE RULES</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Officer elections come and go with ambitious goals and out of touch ideas (*Is someone here a politics student?*). I am offering an alternative to these – achievable, realistic policies (*I think I'll be the judge of that*) that have an impact on student’s lives.

Housing can make or break your student experience. Too many landlords (*DING*) run shoddy properties maintained to narrowly meet requirements of contracts, with no interests beyond ensuring the next rent payment comes through. I will address this issue through the creation of an online database (*DING DING DING DING*) where students can upload feedback on their landlords (*DING*), letting agents, and properties. This will incentivise landlords (*DING*) to run good properties and allow students to make an informed choice about their house. (*HOW DOES A DATABASE HELP ANYONE!?*)

Mental health is a key part of your wellbeing and happiness (*Meanwhile, Captain Obvious says that a duck is a bird*). Work-related stress, loneliness, and mental health problems can have a huge impact on your ability to make the most of your time as a student. I will spearhead an information campaign (*Good*) to make students more aware of common mental health issues (*Good*), how to improve personal wellbeing (*Good*), and where to turn to for help. (*Even better*)

Students face many challenges (*Some of which might be described as "Reading these manifestos"*) – academic issues, immigration regulations, money difficulties, and all points in between. The Student Advice Centre currently do an amazing job (*High fives all round!*), and I want to increase the information available to students about the expert help they can offer (*It's much more entertaining to read that as "I'll tell the students about the expert health they themselves can offer"*), as well as providing more resources to them so that they can help more students. (*Students is becoming a non-word again*)

I will also work with other officers (*So...your job*), committees and external organisations to further promote the ‘Good Night Out’ campaign on campus and city-wide.


Landlord Bingo Score: 3 + 2 for Landlord Database


Score: 5/10. Huh. Mostly sensible.


## Joseph (Joe) Diviney ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Fight extortionate student rents and fees!</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>0/10. Not a pun.</dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

As a socialist (*Hmmm*) I’m opposed to all austerity cuts (*Implied by the socialist bit*) and I’ll fight for free education. I’m a History Councillor and standing for Welfare Officer (*You are!?*) to build student campaigns (*So, you won't do anything?*) to combat the spiralling costs of student transport and housing.

Transport:

 * Deregulation of public transport has led to private operators with near monopolies charging what they like without effective consultation or accountability (*Actually, I think you'll find that it's due to the bureaucratic nature of the Franchise system*). The single bus fare for students has increased by 100% since 2011. Sheffield used to be famous for adult bus fares as low as 10p (*Was that back when there were shillings? Or back when petrol was under a pound?*).
 * So, transport should be brought back under public ownership (*AHAHAHAHAHAHA*) so that prices can be controlled and the quality of services ensured (*How are you ever going to manage that?*). In the meantime, our Union should lobby Sheffield City Council to implement existing regulatory legislation (*If it's legislation, them not following it must be illegal or something...right?*), such as Quality Bus Contracts, to reduce the price of student fares (*Just student fares? Maybe we should raise the adult fares instead!*).

Housing:

 * University Accommodation rents frequently exceed the normal student loan, typically costing over £5,000 (*You have numbers to back that up? Because my rough maths says that uni rent is about 45 weeks at ~£100, so you're well out*). Increasing amounts of money are being extracted (*"Jeeves? Bring me the money extractor" "The crowbar sir?" "Yes Jeeves, that's what I said"*) from students: from 2010-2012, unreturned deposits nearly doubled to over £100,000 (*Wait, that was 2 years ago. Has it been lowered?*). To reduce these financial burdens, the Student Union should demand (*Petulantly*) that the University institute a rent cap in Halls of Residence. (*To which the University will respond with "Meh, sod you"*)
 * In the private sector, shoddy housing, rip-off admin fees and unaccredited landlords (*DING*) could be circumvented by setting up a Student Union run lettings agency (*Already a thing*) . A recent referendum at York University (*But York smelllllllllllls*) voted overwhelmingly in favour of one. Initially funded through the University’s unallocated reserves (*I'm assuming that you've seen evidence of that*), all surplus money should be reinvested into the Union. (*I have a feeling that would be financially reckless*)


Landlord Bingo Score: 1. No mention of database gets you a bonus point


Score: 4/10. I'm impressed that you didn't use the word Socialist more. I thought that word was all the rage.


## Gabrielle Binnie ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Don't worry... vote Gabi</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>1/10. I will worry. Because Gabi and worry don't even half rhyme.<sub>Future Patrick now realises the pun was to use Don't Worry Be Happy, and admonishes past Patrick</sub></dd>
</dl>

### Manifesto ###

Hi, I’m Gabi Binnie, a final-year undergraduate Biomedical Science student (*STOP RUINING MY JOKE DAMMIT*). I am committed to student welfare (*That's good. Imagine if you weren't*) and have been an Intro Week Representative, campus tour guide, student mentor, secretary for the Biomedical Science Student/Staff Committee and a barmaid! (*Wow!*)

I enjoy supporting University events by going to SuTCo plays, Sabercats showcases and Union nights out. (*You didn't mention USELESS. You've alienated a good portion of the pun crowd*)

I’m proud of our Union (*And it's proud of you!*) and agree it's the best in the country (*Awww, thanks!*)- but it isn’t perfect (*Oh.*). If elected I promise to play my part to try and make it that way.

IF ELECTED I WILL: (*Shout. A lot.*)

TACKLE ISSUES WITH LANDLORDS (*DING*)

 * Create a forum for students to share accommodation tips, advice and experiences (*Any particular reason they can't use normal forums?*)
 * Design a landlord rating-system (*DING DING DING DING*)
 * Encourage landlords (*DING*) to sign a pledge on student-treatment (*The last time students got someone to sign a pledge, that didn't go well did it?*)
 * Ensure students have advice and information about lettings earlier (*What, in the first month of University?*), before starting house hunting (*"Jeeves! The hounds are away! Follow the house!"*)

ENHANCE THE WELFARE OF STUDENTS (*Does that even make sense?*)

 * Campaign for a department-wide protocol (*Not university wide then...*) on dealing with mental health and other welfare concerns
 * Improve the welfare of students dealing with bereavement by creating support groups (*Hmmm*) and making it easier to find resources (*How?*)
 * Help students manage homesickness by hosting “home-from-home” events (*What?*)

SUPPORT THE UNIVERSITY HEALTH SERVICE

 * Promote more liaison (*Fancy word*) between the Health Service, Dyslexia/Disability service and academic departments to streamline services and help students get the support they need
 * Create a health advice wall in the union (*I'm sorry, but I'm not taking advice from a wall. That way madness lies*)

TO ENSURE THAT YOUR VOICE IS HEARD (*If elected I will to ensure that your voice is heard?*)

 * Create a weekly slot where Union officers will be publicly present in the Union for discussion with students (*Good!*)
 * Make it easier to see what your Officers have achieved (*APPLAUSE*)


Landlord Bingo Score: 2 + 2 for mentioning the database


Score: 5/10. Not too dumb.
