---
layout: post
title:  "Sheffield University Officer Elections 2017 (Education Officer)"
date:   2017-02-24 21:21:33 +0000
categories: ['Education Officer', '2017']
---
I might not have finished last years and I might not finish this years but by god I'll try.

People are marked out of 10 for their slogan (which extra points for imaginative puns), and then given a marking of out 10. The points are arbritary so shush. Today, Education Officers!

## Stuart McMillan ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Vote Stu for a grassroots SU</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>6/10. Nice internal rhyme.</dd>
</dl>

With tuition fees on the rise (*Are they? I thought they'd remained at the same level since 2011?*), next year will be a critical moment for students (*A year is slightly more than a moment*). With a vision (*THE PROPHET HAS RETURNED*) for free and accessible education for all (*Except Jeff. Screw you Jeff*), I want to use my experience of campaigning (*But not your experience of winning?*) to give students the tools to fight for the issues that affect us. This means putting students at the centre of campaigns: at the grassroots.

### STOP ‘TEF’ AND FEE RISES ###

The ‘Teaching Excellence Framework’ needs to be stopped, threatening £10,000+ fees (*But on the plus side, fees don't feel fear so they'll probably not be too fussed about it*), caps on international student places, and (*Who gives a fuck about an Oxford comma?*) increased marketisation. I’ll continue to build the NSS boycott next year, employ new tactics, (*I've seen those English dramas too. They're cruel*) and put students at the forefront of campaigns.

### NO HIDDEN COSTS ###

Extra costs are a huge barrier to students. I’ll campaign for free black-and-white printing, electronic submissions (*Those mostly already exist though*), free dissertation binding and (*I was looking forward to continuing quoting Vampire Weekend and pretending I'm cool*) more library resources.

### DEFEND INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS ###

In a climate of rising racism and attacks on free movement, it’s vital we stand up for all migrants. I’ll work with the International Officer (*So...do your job*) to campaign for freezing international student fees, the right to remain, sanctuary scholarships for refugees and asylum seekers, (*YES! So if there's any other way*) and against Home Office monitoring.

### MENTAL HEALTH ###

Working with the Welfare Officer (*So...do your job*), I’ll improve departments’ extensions and extenuating circumstances policies, campaign for better postgraduate working conditions, (*To spell the word It's fine with me, with me*) and push (*I'm just chuckling at the mental image of you pushing the finance offices to try and get money out of them*) for more funding to DDSS and Counselling.

### MORE STUDY SPACES ###

With the amount being spent on new buildings like the Diamond, the university can afford to put resources into study spaces (*Well, not anymore. It was an expensive building*). I’ll push for more spaces, especially in accommodation, (*Why would you speak to me that way*) and for them to be better publicised across campus.

Score: 5/10. Good ideas. You'll fail to implement any of them.

## Bethany Wiles ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Use your vote Wiles-ly</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>9/10. Oooh, that's a good'un.</dd>
</dl>

I’m running for Education Officer (*You are!?*) because we can pride ourselves in the University of Sheffield’s excellent academic reputation, but I want to use our collective power as a Student’s Union to make positive changes to the way our education is delivered (*No more staying in and watching the delivery man pretend to knock on your door!*). This is important so that our time at Sheffield is both enjoyable and worthwhile.   

If elected, I would strive to ensure our voices are heard, our education is outstanding and no unnecessary additional costs are incurred (*But the necessary ones can keep around*) whilst studying.

I would aim to achieve this by campaigning for:

  * The online submission of all assessments – There should be no need for printing and binding costs, especially for portfolios and dissertations (*You know you don't have to bind your dissertation, right?*)
  * Affordable Graduations – Graduation should be an education milestone, not a financial burden (*What's the financial burden? £20 on the gown?*)
  *  Accessible Key Texts -  No text books should be a compulsory purchase and adequate library copies and e-books should be available
  * Student-Led Academic Representation – Students should run and determine the agendas of Staff-Student Committee Meetings (*That is categorically a bad idea*)
  * A better deal for Joint Honours Students – There should be improved interdepartmental communication and departmental societies should have dual degree reps (*That'd be nice actually, but what if nobody runs for those reps?*)
  * An end to tuition fee hikes – Active student campaigns should continue to take place to fight fee rises and cuts to funding
  * Easier mechanisms to give learning and teaching feedback – There should be a comprehensive guide in place so students know how to report any issues to departments throughout the semester
    
Score: 4/10. Lot of shoulda woulda coulda here.

## Grace Wallace ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Get Grace on the Case</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>7/10. Having an internal rhyme makes everyone have a good time</dd>
</dl>

As Chair of the Economics Department Academic Reps, I have experienced first-hand how student voices can create real change to our university. From improving feedback to installing a water fountain in the common room (*YOU HAVE A COMMON ROOM!?*), all these things matter! I want to make Education campaigns accessible to all, regardless of experience. Students can be put off by acronyms and technical jargon - I want the students of Sheffield to know what their SU stands for (*Student's Union. SU stands for Student's Union*).

Let’s Get Everyone Involved (*Yeah! Teamwork!*):

 * Continue the Shef better than TEF campaign.
 * Use accessible language to engage more students in SU campaigns.
 * Improve the communication between Academic Reps and students through training and campaigning (*How will campagining increase communication!?*).

Improve the Education Experience:

 * Free black and white printing across the university. (*All aboard the abuse free printing bus!*)
 * Improve the coordination between dual honour departments, particularly regarding deadlines and timetabling. (*You know they already do that...right?*)
 * Increase study space during peak revision season e.g. utilising empty seminar and tutorial rooms. (*Actually a good idea!*)

More Support when Studying:

 * Improve welfare support from academic departments by implementing compulsory welfare training for all personal tutors (*I'm sure that'll be wildly popular from the personal tutors*)
 * Ensure consistent guidance on plagiarism and referencing from every academic department for all years (*You're aware it's fairly constant?*).

I know students care about their education and I want to help them to shape it!

Score: 5/10. Meh.

## Kaitlyn Keenhold ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>NONE</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>-INFINITY/10. HOW DARE YOU HAVE NO PUN (if anyone finds one, let me know)</dd>
</dl>

I would like to represent Sheffield University students as the Education Officer (*Oh that's why I'm reading this!*) in order to assure them that their opinions are expressed to teachers and staff in an effective manner (*As opposed to an ineffective manner*). As someone who has represented students in the past, I have had experience being a liaison between my peers and various academic departments at my undergraduate institution in the United States (*USA! USA!*). I feel confident in raising issues to authority (*But when I fight authority, authority always wins*) on behalf of others; with intent to enhance each person's experience I am prepared to report student interests back to the University as an unbiased party (*How the hell are you unbiased!?*), though I can also offer my unique perspective as an international student when this is necessary. In this way, I aim to improve the quality of education in any way that I can as an officer for the students and as such I will stay up to date on the current issues they may be facing as well as the relevant policies related to their concerns (*So...do your job*). I hope to support those who need representation in the Sheffield University student body by being their voice (*So...do your job*). Education has been extremely important to me in my own life and serving as this role would be a way for me to help others also get the most out of their institution. I hope fellow students can find me friendly, relatable, organized, and generally concerned with assisting them with the academic content of their courses and university engagement as a whole. Thank you for considering me as your Education Officer!

Score: -INFINITY/10. No pun means no score.

## Ed Robinson ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>Put the Ed in Education</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>8/10. I hope you only chose to run because of that pun</dd>
</dl>


Hey, my name’s Ed (*Hi Ed!*) and I’d love to be your Education Officer next year. I’ve got heaps of experience working in education, and (*Especially when I always said that I*) I’m active in helping to shape the university experience at Sheffield. Here’s what I’ll do if you vote me in!

I’ll work hard to perfect the Student Voice

I’ll continue Ali Day’s awesome work optimising the student representative system, and take it further – making a toolkit for student reps so that everyone can have their voice heard (*Just get them a microphone, it'll be quicker*).

Talks and Debates

There’s a **lot** of awesome research going on in Sheffield, and all students should have the opportunity to learn about it. I’ll organise regular interdisciplinary events where students can engage with UoS research from the people doing it. (*That's actually a good idea*)

Electronic Study Encyclopaedia

I want to create an online hub of student-made study material – with flashcards, notes, and hints and tips. (*I don't*

Make feedback flexible

I believe in student-centred education; early module feedback will allow staff to tailor modules to the students. (*Another good idea. Something's wrong here*)

I’ll fight the TEF (*I fought the TEF and the TEF won*)

The Teaching Excellence Framework is not fit for purpose. I'll do everything I can to find an alternative – including standing with the National Student Survey boycott. 

\#Iaminternational

I’ve spent over a year of my study as an international student. I will work hard with other SU Officers to ensure a good deal for international students.

For a sustainable SU

Education's my passion – but everything we do happens within our environment, and I’ll work towards a greener university.

Score: 10/10. Lot of good stuff here, none of which is particularly expensive either...

## Tawfik Alhashemi ##

<dl>
<dt>Slogan</dt>
<dd>NONE</dd>
<dt>Rating</dt>
<dd>-INFINITY/10. No pun, no postive score</dd>
</dl>

Make the university time a joyful experience

Score: -/10. I'll put as much effort into scoring this as you did in making your manifesto
